HttpRequest usage (#1518)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/httpServer/requestResponse.adoc

|`String hello(Cookies cookies)`
|===

> IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete genereic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete generic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java
```

> IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete genereic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete generic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java
```

> IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete genereic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Note, that api:io.micronaut.http.HttpRequest[] should be declared parametrized with concrete generic type if request body is needed, e.g. ```java
```
